Simple explanation (#5)
Chocohead/Not-So-New: README.md

## Not So New
*A journey into the future using the past*

> This mods makes old Java versions work on never versions of the game!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mod makes old Java versions work on newer versions of the game!
```
